# rockPaperScissors
A Game of Rock, Paper, Scissors
This is a simple game of rock paper scissors. I used several functions throughout to make the game work. Before I started the project, I tried to practice my problem solving skills by planning out how I was going to make this project work. I began by writing out everything that I had to do on paper. I found that writing it out helped me out more than typing it. The first thing I wrote out was how to get the computers choice function, then the function that will prompt a user to input their choice. I tried to get everything to work out on paper first, to practice the bigger scope of problem solving than the actual code and syntax of the problem. If I did not know what to do I went back to past lessons and also search for other resources to help me. The next function I went to was playing a round. I started by using an if statement that compared ALL winning options, then moved to ALL losing option, then if the game was a tie, then if there was no valid input put in. I also incremented the human score and play score. The biggest problem I ran into was making the playGame function. I had experience with for loops from other coding projects, but always struggled with them. Trying to get the playGame function was my biggest challenge I ran into, and even restarted my project over because of how ugly my code got. After taking a night off of coding I went back to tackle the problem, and eventually found out what my issue was. This project was the most difficult for me so far, not for the coding, but trying to find all the solutions to my problems that would come up. 
